---
title: Indian Buddhism
---

As promised [last month](/blog/2021/03/30/buddhas-world), this month we continue to explore Buddhist India: this time after the Buddha, with bibliographies on [Indian Buddhism after the Buddha](/tags/indian) (up to the first [sectarian splits](/tags/sects)) and on [Buddhist pilgrimage today](/tags/pilgrimage).

There's a lot of great scholarly content in the new bibliographies this month, so I encourage you (really!) to go and check them out.  I won't list every exciting thing here today, but I did want to highlight some work by four of my favorite Bhikkhu teachers:

- [This talk by Bhante Yuttadhammo](/content/av/heirs-to-the-buddha_yuttadhammo) was delivered at the foot of the (Sri Lankan) Bodhi Tree and is such a good, atmospheric listen. If it inspires you to go on [pilgrimage](/tags/pilgrimage), check out the books there!
- [In this book, Bhante Sujato explains how Buddhist sects](/content/monographs/sects-and-sectarianism_sujato), much like island birds, slowly evolved into seperate species due to distance, not dramatic schisms---an important fact to keep in mind as you read about [the early Buddhist sects](/tags/sects).
- [Bhikkhu Bodhi muses about the emergence of the Bodhisattva ideal in this thoughtful essay](/content/essays/arahants-bodhisattvas-and-buddhas_bodhi)
- and [Ajahn Geoff shares with us King Ashoka's favorite suttas for preserving the religion](/content/essays/that-the-true-dhamma-might-last_geoff) giving us a taste of the questions and concerns which drove [Indian Buddhist history as a whole](/tags/indian).

Lastly, this month marks a special milestone for the University.
It was [exactly one year ago yesterday](/blog/2020/04/28/april-showers) that I first launched the University [library](/library) with the goal
of providing thousands of free books, articles, and talks accross the breadth of Buddhist Studies.
One year later, we now have [over 1000 pieces](/content), covering everything from [the Agamas](/tags/agama) to [the Vinaya](/tags/vinaya-pitaka), from [the Buddha](/tags/buddha) to [the World](/tags/world) and in that year, over a thousand scholars from 67 countries have come and downloaded an average of seven items each.[^ga]
It means a lot to me to see that so many people are interested in learning authentic Buddhism and are unwilling to pay for what has always been free.
Thank you for coming and studying with us, and I hope you will find the University a helpful resource for years to come.

Looking to the future, there's still much to do to bring greater depth to the University's offerings.
I look forward to delving deeper into Buddhist philosophy and history in the coming years, but I especially look forward to hearing your ideas about where the University could go from here.
If you have any ideas, feel free to drop me a line, and until then: Thank you for reading!

Yours sincerely,  
Khemarato Bhikkhu  
Chief Librarian, The Open Buddhist University  

[^ga]: Usage data by [Google Analytics](/settings)
