---
title: The Buddha in the Pāli Texts
---

This month saw a number of technical upgrades to the site and the addition of a new syllabus on the Buddha along with a few other new pieces.

The biggest news is that, thanks to a generous supporter, the website now has a proper domain: `buddhistuniversity.net`! But do not fear: all the old links will continue to work, as we're still generously hosted by GitHub Pages.

The other, large, technical improvement this month was the addition of a [search page](/search/), where you can now plumb the depths of our archives like a pro! Expect more design improvements in the next couple weeks too, as we continue to make ourselves at home.

In terms of content, The University is now proud to offer [a new course on the Buddha in the Pāli Texts](/courses/buddha) featuring a couple *new* PDFs about the Buddha from [Bhikkhu Bodhi]({% link _content/articles/translating-buddha_bodhi.md %}) and [Bhikkhu Ānandajoti]({% link _content/canon/nidanakatha.md %}) released just a few weeks ago (!) along with [this classic paper by Bhikkhu Anālayo]({% link _content/articles/mahapajapati-pabaja_analayo.md %}) attempting to reconstruct a sensible version of the Bhikkhuni Order formation narrative.

Over at the library, Rober Mayer explains why [Tibetan Treasure literature may not be as innovative as you'd imagine]({% link _content/articles/innovation-and-conservation-in-treasure_mayer-rob.md %}), Jorie Graham [catches sight of the now]({% link _content/av/catch-sight-of-now_graham-jorie.md %}), Ezra Klein talks about [the most important book he read last year]({% link _content/av/most-important-book_robinson-klein.md %}) with its author, and Helena de Bres explains [the moral case for eating local food]({% link _content/essays/local-food_debres.md %}). Be sure to check them out!

As always, you can email me (now at     a [shiny new email address!](mailto:theopenbuddhistuniversity@gmail.com)) with any comments, questions, concerns, or compliments you may have. 

Until next month,  
Khemarato Bhikkhu  
Librarian in Chief  
