---
title: The Buddha in the P훮li Canon
---

This month saw a number of technical upgrades to the site and the addition of a new syllabus on the Buddha along with a few other new pieces.

The biggest news is that, thanks to a generous lay supporter, the website now has a proper domain: `buddhistuniversity.net`! But do not fear: All your old links will still work, as we continue to be hosted by GitHub Pages.

The other large improvement to the website this month, was the addition of a new [search page](/search/), so you can now plumb the archives like a pro. Expect some more design changes in the next couple weeks as we continue to improve the site.

In terms of content, The University is now proud to offer [a new course on the Buddha in the P훮li Texts](/courses/buddha) featuring a couple **brand new** PDFs about the Buddha from [Bhikkhu Bodhi]({% link _content/articles/translating-buddha_bodhi.md %}) and [Bhikkhu An훮ndajoti]({% link _content/canon/nidanakatha.md %}) released just a few weeks ago (!) along with [this classic paper by Bhante An훮layo]({% link _content/articles/mahapajapati-pabaja_analayo.md %}) attempting to reconstruct a sensible version of the Bhikkhuni Order formation narrative.

Over in the library, Rober Mayer explains why [Tibetan Treasure literature may not be as innovative as you'd imagine]({% link _content/articles/innovation-and-conservation-in-treasure_mayer-rob.md %}), Jorie Graham [catches sight of the now]({% link _content/articles/catch-sight-of-now_graham-jorie.md %}), Ezra Klein talks about [the most important book he read last year]({% link _content/av/most-important-book_robinson-klein.md %}) (with its author!), and Helena de Bres explains [the moral case for eating local food]({% link _content/essays/local-food_debres.md %}). Be sure to check those out!

As always, you can email me (now at     a [shiny new email address!](mailto:theopenbuddhistuniversity@gmail.com)) with any comments, questions, concerns, or compliments you may have. 

Until next month,  
Khemarato Bhikkhu  
Librarian in Chief  
