---
title: Returning to the Basics
---

The last four months OBU has added no new courses or bibliographies. However,

The first third of 2022 has seen:
1. The [Buddhism 101 Course](/courses/buddhism) completely redesigned from the ground up with lectures by 11 teachers and featuring 10 new books
1. New [external courses](/courses/#external-courses) added to our [course catalog](/courses/), including courses on the Tibetan Language, Human Biology, and Modern Poetry
1. And hundreds of new items added to [the library](/library), including:

{% include content-blurb.html category="av" slug="mindful-way" blurb="
This classic documentary about the monks at Ajahn Chah's forest monastery in Thailand.
" %}
{% include content-blurb.html category="av" slug="mindfulness-for-the-whole-family_kim-sumi" blurb="
This inspiring interview with an American woman who was raised in a Buddhist commune reimagines what childhood could be in the post-modern West.
" %}
{% include content-blurb.html category="monographs" slug="embodying-compassion-in-buddhist-art_lucic-karen" blurb="
This glossy art book serves well as inspiration, but the content is also a superb introduction to the history of Mahāyāna Buddhism.
" %}
{% include content-blurb.html category="av" slug="how-to-be-depressed" blurb="
A conversation about depression and human frailty and the political implications of accepting mortality.
" %}
{% include content-blurb.html category="monographs" slug="art-of-being-human_wesch-m" blurb="
Last, but certainly not least, I wanted to highlight my favorite book I found so far this year. Nominally an Open-Access, Anthropology textbook, this book is really more of an enthusiastic memoir crossed with a self-help book.
" %}

So, even if you've skimmed our offerings before, this upcoming month "May" be a good time to peruse again.

If you have any topics you'd like to see more of, or have any other feedback, feel free to email me.

Until next time,  
~ Khemarato Bhikkhu  
Chief Librarian @ The Open Buddhist University
